[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com

[tasking-manager.master]
source_file = src/locales/en.json
source_lang = en
trans.ar = src/locales/ar.json
trans.bn = src/locales/bn.json
trans.cs = src/locales/cs.json
trans.da = src/locales/da.json
trans.de = src/locales/de.json
trans.es = src/locales/es.json
trans.fa_IR = src/locales/fa_IR.json
trans.fi = src/locales/fi.json
trans.fr = src/locales/fr.json
trans.gl = src/locales/gl.json
trans.hu = src/locales/hu.json
trans.id = src/locales/id.json
trans.it = src/locales/it.json
trans.ja = src/locales/ja.json
trans.ko = src/locales/ko.json
trans.lt = src/locales/lt.json
trans.mg = src/locales/mg.json
trans.nb = src/locales/nb.json
trans.nl_NL = src/locales/nl_NL.json
trans.pl = src/locales/pl.json
trans.pt = src/locales/pt.json
trans.pt_BR = src/locales/pt_BR.json
trans.ru = src/locales/ru.json
trans.si = src/locales/si.json
trans.sl = src/locales/sl.json
trans.ta = src/locales/ta.json
trans.uk = src/locales/uk.json
trans.vi = src/locales/vi.json
trans.zh_TW = src/locales/zh_TW.json
type = KEYVALUEJSON

